# State Of Work

* Project has been fully configured from cookiecutter-django using MySQL.
* Deployed to production at [negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com](negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com).

Core models are being defined and added to the django-admin.
Account and Transactions have been implemented with balance as prefix-sum.
Transfers are implemented as coupled transactions.

## Update

**Bug Found**:
    Define a test first then fix it. Look at last transfer transactions.
    Transfer transaction has not been set so saving create a new transfer in the destiantion.
    Test the balance on both account after transfer, and test that transfer are properly associated.
    Test with multiple transaction positions.

# Today

Auto load transactions from file.
Define a model to save information loaded.
    - Define a import model with relevant information and an admin
    - Define a imported transaction model,
        with the information imported from each line.

v1. ->
    load lines directly into an account as transactions.
    Excel/csv structure hardcoded.
    Use activo bank export.

## Work Log
__InProgress__


__ToDo__
* Write test for failing transfer
* Fix transfer error

* Write tests
    * For uploading activo file thru admin
        * Setting name from filename
        * only allowed extensions files
    * For Activo transaction

__Done__
* Write save on activo import to auto create activo transaction from file processed
    * Open imported file (excel) using pandas
    * Create transactions
* Write save on activo transactions to create actual transaction once validated

__Discarded__

# To Do

__Next on road map:__
    Export transactions to file.
        v2. -> extended management command to be more modular. Code option to load Montepio export.
        v3. -> define budget loadedTransaction as inherited from transaction and give the option to associate as previous transaction, filter by value and not associated, or validate auto create new transaction.
        v4. -> create association between certain titles/transactions loaded into categories/ template transactions
    Create new admin for end users.
