# Current State

See [[2024-03-04]] for previously completed tasks.

Currently added simple models for account and transactions. The accounts can have any transactions, with a few fields in transactions for information.

These models have admin defined and tested for them, but they dont have any functionallity other then the standard django and model\_utils functions.

# Today

Add functionality for accounts to have the current balance.

Simply add save on transactions to add their ammounts to or the delta of their amount to the account. These need to account for all possible relevant field changes, as well as delete.

## Business Requirement

Keep balance in Account updated.

## Brute Force solution

Get balance by function, which calculates at call from all transactions.

## Improved solution

Keep balance as a last calculated (and keep datetime of calculation), but sum transactions created and delta of changed since last calculation.

To be able to calculate deltas we need to track these fields.

Problem: We still need to deal with (1.) changing transaction's account and (2.) deleting a transaction.

[[Future Problem]] I can see would be changing a transaction too many times.

Solutions:

1. Simply prevent changing. We may give this feature to the user, but delete the transaction and create another on the different account.
    (Can we do this at DB level (prevent a change)? In [[Future Improvements]] we might want to do this all in DB level.)

2. Deletion should not be a problem. Since we are already using soft delete, we can use this to calculate the balance and then actually delete.

[[Five Star Solution]]

## Work Log
__InProgress__
* Implement improved solution.
    - Requires change from timezone to datetime -> Which in turn requires turning datetime to timezone before showing to user
    - Check on model\_utils for TrackerField to keep track of modifications

__ToDo__
* Test on admin.

__Done__


# To Do
[[Future Problems]]
[[Future Improvements]]
[[Five Star Solution]]
