# State Of Work

* Project has been fully configured from cookiecutter-django using MySQL.
* Deployed to production at [negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com](negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com).

Core models are being defined and added to the django-admin.
Account and Transactions have been implemented with balance as prefix-sum.
Transfers are implemented as coupled transactions.

## Update

**Bug Found**:
    Define a test first then fix it. Look at last transfer transactions.
    Transfer transaction has not been set so saving create a new transfer in the destiantion.
    Test the balance on both account after transfer, and test that transfer are properly associated.
    Test with multiple transaction positions.

**Bug Found**:
    Run pytest -vv and see error on move_backwards to first on balance

# Today

Implement archtectured testing.

## Work Log
__InProgress__
* Refactor test
    * Group by model/class and test a functionality iff it is implmented in it

__ToDo__
* Write test for failing transfer
* Fix transfer error

* Write tests
    * For uploading activo file thru admin
        * Setting name from filename
        * only allowed extensions files
    * For Activo transaction

__Done__
* Refactor tests
    * Add transfer testing - works for sequence

__Discarded__

# To Do

__Next on road map:__
    Export transactions to file.
        v2. -> extended management command to be more modular. Code option to load Montepio export.
        v3. -> define budget loadedTransaction as inherited from transaction and give the option to associate as previous transaction, filter by value and not associated, or validate auto create new transaction.
        v4. -> create association between certain titles/transactions loaded into categories/ template transactions
    Create new admin for end users.
