# State Of Work

* Project has been fully configured from cookiecutter-django using MySQL.
* Deployed to production at [negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com](negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com).

Core models are being defined and added to the django-admin.
Account and Transactions have been implemented with balance as prefix-sum.
Transfer are being implemented as an extended and coupled transactions.

## Update


# Today

Do transaction delete.

Add testing the admin - ask chat gpt for help.

Add timestamp changing for transactions.
    For this we simply have to get the transaction right after the old_instance and pass it as the base for the new chain update. For this implement previous and next util functions

__Next on road map:__
    Auto load transactions from file.
    Export transactions to file.

## Work Log
__InProgress__

__ToDo__
* Add timestamp changing for transactions.
* Add testing the admin - ask chat gpt for help.

__Done__
* Add testing for transfer
* implement transaction deletion
* implement transfer deletion
* Add test for delete

__Discarded__

# To Do
[[Future Works]] Sharting an account with somebody else so that they can interact with it. We would have more information fields suchas who added the transaction. We can also share ontly for transafers, so you would make a transfer on your acc to someone elses acc. That persona can accept or reject and add their own info for it.
[[Future Works]] Change the updating of balance in transactions to be lazy, to avoid overloading server if someone does many transactions.
