# State Of Work

* Project has been fully configured from cookiecutter-django using MySQL.
* Deployed to production at [negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com](negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com).

Core models are defined and added to the django-admin.
Account and Transactions have been implemented with balance as prefix-sum.
Transfers are implemented as coupled transactions.

We have implemented a ImportActivo model and admin, which processes on save and creates ImportedActivoTransactions. These can be validated by a checkbox and if so, will create a Transaction on save.

## Update

Created a custom admin site to use as Prototype. Pages, for example list view, will be slowly redirect to main site as they are implemented.
New users for the prototype alpha can sign up in the normal site. The email confirmation is fully functional under gmail smtp. Once the account has been created, it requires admin to go into back office to assign the correct rights (permission group).

# Today

## Work Log
__InProgress__
* Change existing user mrmurilo73 to use group permissions. (in local)

__ToDo__
* Implement alpha prototype admin login.

* Create homepage with reporting.

* Define DRF for core
* Write admin tests


__Done__
* Put second admin live.
    | Already pulled to pythonanywhere and updated app. Sign up fails due to need for rmail
    * Add email for live site - check bookmarks or pythonanywhere's docs for using gmail

* Create new user group and assign permissions.

__Discarded__

# To Do
* Write tests
    * For uploading activo file thru admin
        * Setting name from filename
        * only allowed extensions files
    * For Activo transaction

__Next on road map:__
    Export transactions to file.
        v2. -> extended management command to be more modular. Code option to load Montepio export.
        v3. -> define budget loadedTransaction as inherited from transaction and give the option to associate as previous transaction, filter by value and not associated, or validate auto create new transaction.
        v4. -> create association between certain titles/transactions loaded into categories/ template transactions
    Create new admin for end users.
