# State Of Work

* Project has been fully configured from cookiecutter-django using MySQL.
* Deployed to production at [negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com](negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com).

Core models are being defined and added to the django-admin.
Account and Transactions have been implemented with balance as prefix-sum.

## Update


# Today

#### Transfers:
    Transfer are simply 2 transactions with inverse amounts and different accounts.
    Therefore we only need 2 more fields in transactions: one for the other acc and another to relate the transactions.
    The related transactions fields need be unique so there only one pair of transactions related, and it should use the same field on both sides.

    The related transaction is created when the destination accounts is set. All fields are the same with exception of the account and the reverse ones (relation and amount).
    Once an account is set as a transaction it cannot be changed.
    Deleting the transaction also deletes the related transaction (default). On [[Future Works]] create a option to not delete the related.
    Should we keep related transactions synced? Yes, by defaul. Should this be an option? Yes.
##### Conclusion:
    Add fields to Transaction (destination acc, related transaction)
    Make related transaction unique and non-reversed (by db)
    Keep all values synced by default (non-synced is for [[Future Works]])

Do transaction delete.

Add testing the admin - ask chat gpt for help.

Add timestamp changing for transactions.

__Next on road map:__
    Auto load transactions from file.
    Export transactions to file.

## Work Log
__InProgress__

__ToDo__
* implement transaction deletion
* implement transfer deletion

* Add timestamp changing for transactions.
* Add testing for transfer
* Add testing the admin - ask chat gpt for help.

__Done__
* Add transfers to admin
* implement transfer creation
* implement transfer change (always synced)
* Add transfer fields
* Improve admin usage of categories.

__Discarded__

# To Do
[[Future Works]] Sharting an account with somebody else so that they can interact with it. We would have more information fields suchas who added the transaction. We can also share ontly for transafers, so you would make a transfer on your acc to someone elses acc. That persona can accept or reject and add their own info for it.
