# State Of Work

* Project has been fully configured from cookiecutter-django using MySQL.
* Deployed to production at [negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com](negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com).

Core models are defined and added to the django-admin.
Account and Transactions have been implemented with balance as prefix-sum.
Transfers are implemented as coupled transactions.

We have implemented a SimpleTransactionImport model and admin, which processes on save and creates SimpleImportedTransactions. These can be validated by a checkbox and if so, will create a Transaction on save.

Created a custom admin site to use as prototype, currently in phase preparation for alpha testing. Pages, for example list view, will be slowly redirect to main site as they are implemented.
Sign up on main site is fully functionational, with email confirmation.

## Update

# Today

## Work Log
__InProgress__
* Add simple import for transactions (for example from edenred csv)
    * Once this is defined, rewrite Activo using the extension points

* Write selenium script to get edenred - use js from browser

__ToDo__
* Implement alpha prototype admin login.
* Implement Forms for admin

* Create homepage with reporting.

* Define DRF for core
* Write admin tests


__Done__
* Add simple import for transactions (for example from edenred csv)
    * Currently in progress to define an API - since this is first version of a general solution doesnt really matter
    * Define SimpleImport then define SimpleTransaction
    * Add it to admin and test

* Change existing user mrmurilo73 to use group permissions. (in local)

__Discarded__

# To Do
* Write tests
    * For uploading activo file thru admin
        * Setting name from filename
        * only allowed extensions files
    * For Activo transaction

__Next on road map:__
    Export transactions to file.
        v2. -> extended management command to be more modular. Code option to load Montepio export.
        v3. -> define budget loadedTransaction as inherited from transaction and give the option to associate as previous transaction, filter by value and not associated, or validate auto create new transaction.
        v4. -> create association between certain titles/transactions loaded into categories/ template transactions
    Create new admin for end users.
