# State Of Work

* Project has been fully configured from cookiecutter-django using MySQL.
* Deployed to production at [negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com](negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com).

## Core
Core models are defined and added to the django-admin.
Account and Transactions have been implemented with balance as prefix-sum.
Transfers are implemented as coupled transactions.

## Budget
We have implemented a SimpleTransactionImport model and admin, which processes on save and creates SimpleImportedTransactions. These can be validated by a checkbox and if so, will create a Transaction on save.

## Alpha Prototype
Created a custom admin site to use as prototype. Pages, for example list view, will be slowly redirect to main site as they are implemented.
Sign up on main site is fully functionational, with email confirmation.

---
# Today

Start using github issues to track current issues and tasks.

## Work Log
__InProgress__
* Redefine model admin for alpha
    [ ] core
        [X] Account
        [X] Transaction
        [ ] Category
    [ ] budget
        [ ] SimpleTransactionImport
        [ ] SimpleImportedTransaction

* Add custom form to prevent showing another user account/info in alpha
    [ ] core
        [X] Account
        [ ] Transaction
        [ ] Category
    [ ] budget
        [ ] SimpleTransactionImport
        [ ] SimpleImportedTransaction
    inlines ?

__ToDo__
* Implement alpha prototype admin login.
* Implement Forms for admin

!PRIORITY - If the site is live, testing is a must to prevent down time
    * Add Admin Testing to Alpha

!priority - validating each transactions is not feasible
    * Add custom admin action, to select imported transactions and validate

* Fix 'deleted' accounts are not really deleted, so they raise a name uniqueness error

* Change Account balance to show 2 decimals rounded

* Add filter imported transaction by account / loaded from

* Add simple import for transactions (for example from edenred csv)
    * Once this is defined, rewrite Activo using the extension points

* Write selenium script to get edenred - use js from browser


* Create homepage with reporting.

* Define DRF for core
* Write admin tests


__Done__
* Fix model relations - stop preventing delete


__Discarded__

# To Do

__Next on road map:__
    Export transactions to file.
        v2. -> extended management command to be more modular. Code option to load Montepio export.
        v3. -> define budget loadedTransaction as inherited from transaction and give the option to associate as previous transaction, filter by value and not associated, or validate auto create new transaction.
        v4. -> create association between certain titles/transactions loaded into categories/ template transactions
    Create new admin for end users.
