# State Of Work

* Project has been fully configured from cookiecutter-django using MySQL.
* Deployed to production at [negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com](negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com).

## Core
Core models are defined and added to the django-admin.
Account and Transactions have been implemented with balance as prefix-sum.
Transfers are implemented as coupled transactions.

## Budget
We have implemented a SimpleTransactionImport model and admin, which processes on save and creates SimpleImportedTransactions. These can be validated by a checkbox and if so, will create a Transaction on save.

## Alpha Prototype
Created a custom admin site to use as prototype. Pages, for example list view, will be slowly redirect to main site as they are implemented.
Sign up on main site is fully functionational, with email confirmation.

---
# Today


## Work Log
__InProgress__
* Redefine model admin for alpha
    [ ] core
        [X] Account
        [X] Transaction
        [ ] Category
    [ ] budget
        [ ] SimpleTransactionImport
        [ ] SimpleImportedTransaction

* Add custom form to prevent showing another user account/info in alpha
    [ ] core
        [X] Account
        [ ] Transaction
        [ ] Category
    [ ] budget
        [ ] SimpleTransactionImport
        [ ] SimpleImportedTransaction
    inlines ?

__ToDo__

__Done__
* Configure github issues and milestones - partial. Future Works and RoadMap has not been moved

__Discarded__

---
# To Do

__Next on road map:__
