# State Of Work

* Project has been fully configured from cookiecutter-django using MySQL.
* Deployed to production at [negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com](negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com).

Core models are being defined and added to the django-admin.
Account and Transactions have been implemented with balance as prefix-sum.
Transfer are being implemented as an extended and coupled transactions.

## Update


# Today

Reimplement timestamp changes
    for some reason change timestamp forward is not working. using print was able to see that it is working properly up until chain update calling the after(), which includes the newly changed self, but still for some reason self is not updating balance. next step was to clean up print statements for better understanding
    for debug purpose could test on admin to move forward and raise a break point to use wergberg debuge
    Solution ::
        Problem was that when getting all after on another transaction , another instance of the save pk would be passed and updated the balance on it, wwhich would then be save. However, this balance would be overriden by following calls to save in the instance that started the save.
Test

Implement unsynced transfer.

Add testing the admin - ask chat gpt for help.

__Next on road map:__
    Auto load transactions from file.
    Export transactions to file.

## Work Log
__InProgress__
* Add timestamp changing for transactions.
* Add testing to timestamp changed forward

__ToDo__
* Add testing the admin - ask chat gpt for help.

__Done__
* Fix transfer test
* Add utils (after, next, before, previous) to transactions
* Update balance to using new utils

__Discarded__

# To Do
[[Future Works]] Sharting an account with somebody else so that they can interact with it. We would have more information fields suchas who added the transaction. We can also share ontly for transafers, so you would make a transfer on your acc to someone elses acc. That persona can accept or reject and add their own info for it.
[[Future Works]] Change the updating of balance in transactions to be lazy, to avoid overloading server if someone does many transactions.
