# State Of Work

* Project has been fully configured from cookiecutter-django using MySQL.
* Deployed to production at [negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com](negligentoctopus.pythonanywhere.com).

Core models are being defined and added to the django-admin.
Account and Transactions are implemented with balance as prefix-sum.

## Update

Testing for these model is being defined.

# Today

Testing required configuration of a db table 'test\_negligent\_octopus.
This was achieved the same way as creating a normal table:
- Go into sudo mysql
- create table
- grant all privileges to user
After this pytest can create and drop the table as needed.

Also, make sure that your app name is not relative, i.e., 'core' should be 'negligent\_octopus.core'.

__To Continue__

Factories are defined.
Testing is currently defined as methods of a class.
The function can receive arguments with the name of models, which will be created and passed automatically by pytest using the factories (if defined) or using fixtures (use @pytest.fixture).

## Work Log
__InProgress__
* Add testing -- Functions are defined in class. Follow the one implemented as example.
    * Test business logic
        * Test balance is correct
        * Test balance on account is safe for one, for many transaction, with or withput inital balance
        * Test balance is same on change initial balance and change of a transaction
        * Test that changing acc or timestamp fails

__ToDo__

__Done__
* Configure testing environment
* Factories for testing
* Testing functions

__Discarded__

# To Do
